we need to figure out who kidnapped me
i'm fairly certain that my father's
behind me i'm lieutenant marcus pierce i
heard a lot about your lieutenant and
i'm really excited to work with you
aren't you that crap cop that caught off
easy
excuse me lucifer i'm not angry with you
that you somehow got your wings back or
even that you cut them off again
i was tested once and i failed i'm not
gonna fail again i suppose this won't
bother you
who's the sinner man who hired me to
kidnap you he's so scary dude
huge crime boss and where do i find him
you don't
he finds you people come to me to ask
for favors and more often than not i'm
happy to oblige
what do you get simply to be repaid at a
later date
a devilish iou if you will now that we
are stuck here i need to figure out
where i fit in
i got paid as a bounty hunter look if
you're upset about what the lieutenant
said you're not alone he's not a fan of
mine either
and i still can't believe he called me
the lucifer's partner doctor someone is
forcing those wings on me they took away
my devil face
i won't stand for someone making me
something i'm not i'm loose of a bloody
morning star
i do favors better than anyone else or
at least
i used to and i think that maybe it's
about time i got back in the game
and even though he doesn't realize that
everything he does
seems designed to hurt me to test you my
test
is lucifer it's always been lucifer you
okay
yeah i'm fine i mean thanks to
lieutenant pierce he saved my life
don't worry pal luckily pierce was with
her and i wasn't for the cold shoulder
you seduce me you almost die and then
you ghost me for weeks
nothing about any of that makes any
sense to me it doesn't make any sense to
me either i used to see a light in you
all i see now
is darkness we're separated we sign the
divorce papers
happy birthday detective beautiful what
is it
it's the bullet from when you shot me
being good takes practice keep at it and
you don't get better i guess i should
take that job then what job
being a celestial insider really sucks
i was in a really dark place but someone
helped me gain perspective
i can see why lucifer's so affected by
you it's because you're special becker
so why is your gift desire desire is the
ultimate expression of free will i help
people do whatever or whomever they want
cinnamon is not a myth i bought it heads
with them in chicago did not end well i
quit my job today is my first day in the
district attorney's office surprise
hello i thought you were looking for me
come on let's talk
i want to do you a little desire why is
this case so important to you
the sooner man killed my brother just
read the crime scene report and holy
marino
has just stopped talking into my eyes
now you'll never know what i want
i figured out that you're the one who
grabbed the center man i told you i did
this fast
i had your back on this and for whatever
reason you still felt the need to go
behind mine
the world's first measure marked by a
guard
and doomed to walk the earth alone for a
tortured eternity it's quite the monika
when you agree kane weird
seeing you and amanda deal so chummy i
don't want you two getting together
i understand as a thank you for watching
trixie maybe we can go grab that coffee
sometime dinner would be more romantic
hey lieutenant are you going somewhere i
put in for a transfer
maybe you don't have to go has it
you know for an immortal you really do
bleed a lot don't you
i'm still human i still feel all the
pain that comes with death
just the wounds heal did you know
that linda and amanda deal are a thing
so are old flames having a fling i don't
care why should you
unless you're still hot for angel no
do you sing ask me kane
what is it that you desire to die i will
find a way to end your infinite misery
if it's the last thing i do
my dad screwed us both but perhaps
there's a way for us to screw him back
if we're going to kill you we have got
to do it together
missing time someone else was living my
life
i've been pretending like i remember it
all because otherwise
everyone would think they're crazy i
really appreciate how you handled the
whole me not wanting you and amen to
deal with the bone thing
i do really like you
thanks i'd like to try and help you
don't have to treat me
i think i do you know don't you you're
the ones
who've been lying to me about this fling
for weeks in my quest to help you die
i've done some research
i've read every book i've analyzed every
language i'm completely out of ideas
we can't rewrite history detective
you're a genius
you've just given me my idea i know this
is scary but we need to start
in your health i shall fly down to hell
[ __ ] your brother's soul
and drop it into a vacant body this
would make you
innocent so many things that father can
still take away from i've never done it
without you without me
you wouldn't have been in danger in the
first place the one man i've cared about
i still
gave him up that's how much i care about
a future go
to the house if the detective had died
it would have been my fault
i know i promised to help you end your
curse but we need to dissolve our unholy
alliance
the risk is too great you're terrified
of letting someone get close to you
because you know they'll eventually
leave you you'll outlive them in the
surveillance van when i asked you to
stay in l.a we did have a moment there
which is why i had to tell you that i'm
not
relationship material you got to have
faith because life can surprise you
now if my brother the devil can have
that maybe i can too
mom lucifer said that you were gone do i
know you
you know lucifer you do know me there's
only room for one immortal in the
detective's life and that position has
already been filled by you the detective
and i are a team
i am sick of your goody two-shoes
ex-wife
and that stupid little brat about you
you deserve someone who's gonna let you
in and i wanna do that if you're good
charlotte richards is back i think that
maybe she deserves to know the trouble
she's the key to finally getting what
i've always wanted just wish i knew the
piss his intention
you